Add OpenEBS and rancher files (#134)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/OpenEBS.md

---
name: OpenEBS
category: Storage
description: OpenEBS is an open-source containerized storage platform that provides persistent storage for Kubernetes workloads.
download_url: https://github.com/openebs/openebs/releases 
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v2.3.0 
    release_date: 16/11/2020

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://github.com/openebs/openebs
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:

>         arm_content: https://community.arm.com/arm-community-blogs/b/infrastructure-solutions-blog/posts/nvme-over-fabrics-performance-for-storage-appliances-with-arm-servers 

Author: this is not valid link. try to find if there is any alternative.

>         partner_content: https://amperecomputing.com/tutorials/deploy-VOD-PoC-demo-on-a-Single-Node-Canonical-MicroK8s

Author: We can consider this: <https://ecosystemdashboard.linaro.org/OpenEBS/>

        official_docs: https://openebs.io/docs/user-guides/quickstart
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: https://github.com/openebs/openebs/releases/tag/v2.3.0 
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: The Project is not releasing binary, However in release notes of v2.3.0 it is mentioned ARM64 support got added.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: This Project does not release binaries. However, in the release notes of v2.3.0, it is mentioned that the ARM64 support for OpenEBS Data Engines - cStor, Jiva, Local PV (hostpath and device), ZFS Local PV are added.
```
